Joint control from the keyboard (#1)
AGH-CEAI/teleop2servo: README.md

# teleop2servo

> ROS 2 keyboard teleoperation node for controlling a robot using MoveIt Servo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROS 2 teleoperation node for controlling a robot using MoveIt Servo with various input devices.
```

Author: Done.
